hi everyone today I'll show you how to
make a marinade meat dish called Chi
being Korean I used beef ribs for this
video but you can use a pork ribs
also it takes time to marinate the meat
but otherwise it is very simple and easy
to make soak 2 and half pounds of beef
ribs in water for about 2 or 3 hours to
get rid of the plot change the water
every 1 hour
when it gets blood like this 2 or 3
hours later
rinse the ribs and drain the water
you
could one a zapper in half of an onion
grind them together in a mixer
pour the pear and onion mixture into the
beef ribs mix well and set it aside for
an hour this will have to get rid of the
bad meat flavor and make it sweet and
tender in a bowl combine all of the
ingredients for the sauce mix well onto
those sugar and honey desserts
one hour later pour the sauce mixture on
the beef ribs and mix well
cover it with plastic wrap and marinated
Friday in the refrigerator
flip over all the ribs once or twice
while it's marinating on a heated pan or
grill grill some pieces of marinated
beef ribs with some extra sauce
cook them onto the reef slaw well done
we enjoyed eating this copy very much so
I hope you can enjoy this copy as much
as we T thank you for watching see you
soon again bye